Thank you to everyone that supported, encouraged, tested, debugged, donated,
reported bugs, and believed in me and the URC project. This project was inspired
by the AnoNet crew, and the original authors of Ricochet and the UDPMSG family
of protocols that were designed for decentralized, anonymous chat. I also
received a great deal of testing and support from members of FreeAnons, and some
other friendly hackers that I've met online and in the real world. I wrote this
project to give the people of the world, especially activists, a safer place to
express themselves and their ideas among one another in a safe place, where they
can be free to talk without fear of violence or physical harm, and communicate
among fellow citizens of the world without being censored, or being targeted by
sharing their ideas with the public. Without you, URC could not have existed,
and for that I am tremendously thankful. If you appreciate this project and
everything it has to offer, please consider running a public urchub, and/or
a urchub that is accessible to you and your peers. Like Tor, I2P, Anonet, and
other decentralized darknets, URC is stronger and safer the more nodes that are
available to transmit traffic. I love you all and it is my hope you get the
most from this software, and are able to use it to make the world a better place
for all of us.

In solidarity,

Joseph S. Williams


A special thanks to Epoch, LulzPrincess, SeekingFor, Ivo, Psi, Talamon, Kieko,
Nyx, SomeRandomNick, RedAcor, and others that had my back and were by my side
throughout this project.

Also a special thanks to Daniel J. Bernstein for all of his amazing works that
made this project capable. You're a brilliant man, with incredible talent.
